Groove’s thoughts on Blackmatter, Babuk, and cheese
shortages in the Netherlands
medium.com/s2wlab/grooves-thoughts-on-blackmatter-babuk-and-interruption-in-the-supply-of-cheese-in-theb5328bc764f2
S2W

September 8, 2021

S2W
Sep 8, 2021
·
3 min read
Author: S2W TALON

Today Groove posted a short article on their dark web site, summarizing recent issues
related to them.

Summary
1. insisted that they developed ransomware and tested it on .
2. With regards to , there was no mistake. Rather, that was intended by the Groove
ransomware developer.

1/3

3. Groove developer does not have Subnellular cancer.
4. Blackmatter is not equal to Darkside and just bought the source code from Darkside.

2/3

Thoughts on meaningPublished: September 07, 2021 at 06:57 PM Views: 702Hello !
Recently, respected researchers have been splashing out a lot of unreliable
information on their Tweeters, as a direct participant in the events, I do not want
unreliable information to be passed on to the future generation.1 Developing babuki
its useAt the end of the summer, an uncle was added to me, with a proposal to write
an extortionist program for our group, as he called it "Vasya", to which I told him Vasya will work only when you are Basta - "a popular artist in the Russian
Federation" he gave me I looked at Vasya's samples, checked them at my stands, wrote
him down all his pluses and minuses, having written if we cooperate, then I will take
full guidance on the project of its branding and its development, and for a
successful start, you need to change the name and add the modules, and testing will
be held in combat conditions, the locker was tested on large companies such as
sabelt, serco and several other companies that we cannot name here, since they paid
money and fulfilled their contract, and we fulfilled ours, everything worked for me,
the product was fine.2 Problems and interruptions in the supply of cheese in the
NetherlandsIn April, we encrypted a large logistics company Becker Logistics, which
were later destroyedI began to understand this problem, how and why the mistake was
madeAnd there was no mistake, how can we explain the fact that the previous victims
were decrypted well, but the last one did not? I explain this by the fact that the
developer deliberately made these mistakes, what was the motivation? I can't tell
you, I would be glad to understand it myself3 attack on PDAround this time, we
entered into a partnership with a certain RA, who stated that he had access to PD,
and he wanted to use our product, I was not against the attack, as time passed the
police did not move, I started to put pressure on Ra, who began to change about the
pressure on PD, and began to take the initiative himself, when I realized that the
person on that wire is an ordinary link that does not carry any action at all for his
words, I wrote to RA and my uncle that I take the project blog and they take the
source code, we shook hands, I took the blog and posted Pd there, this RA began to
show aggression, except for the aggression, some other actions were not implemented
Plus, the floor of my Team fell off the same links as RA and the project died without
me.4. Subnellular cancerThe other day, the project developer released the source code
of the product, while he mentioned that he has cancer and threw off the wallet for
donations, he does not have cancer, I have a reason to think so, there were many
factors of not reliable information on his part5. Groove and black meterBut let it be
an intrigue, I will say only one thing, blackmetter is not a darksad, these people
just bought the source code of darkside, most likely these are one of the old adverts
of this affiliate program

3/3